### v0.1.0
- Deprecate and remove Bootstrap in favour of {stylesheet}.
- Fix Breadcrumb JSON-LD Schema producing parsing errors.
- Add Seasonal changes to Login and Administration Header.
- Fix HTML Attributes Order for consistency, which also allowed fixing missed classes when deprecating Bootstrap.
- Fix issue with categories where any category was only characters the parser would think it was for a year date value and throw errors crashing the whole site, adding a check that the value is numeric fixed the issue.
- Remove popper.min.js and moment.min.js as they are no longer required.
- Update Summernote to SkunkWorks version that we are helping to update.
- Update Summernote plugins to reflect the new changes to ToolTips and Button creation in SkunkWorks version.
- Make Tooltips work on `aria-label` rather than using `data-title`, reducing double up on textual information when the same is already provided for screen readers.
- Add Share to Social Media Buttons to Content items.
- Fix Account Signups not sending through Username and AutoGenerated Passwords.
- Fix Activation styling and indicator.
- Fix Default Theme styling.
- Add Default Content Display Order.
- Fix Brand parser throwing errors.
- Add Coming Soon checkable options to Inventory items.
- Add 'archive' option to Content Item status, and view by status in Administration.
- Fixed issue where multiple contentType were not displayed, changed require_once to require, fixed the issue.
- ReOrganized the Stylesheets,JavaScript/jQuery, and PHP scripts for better management and cull unused scripts.
- Remove Unneeded files from external libraries, and minify/uglify source to reduce footprint.
- Update other projects PHP Classes and minified to save space.
- Modify Styling for better Mobile Responsiveness in Administration area.
- Add Open Street Map to Preferences/Contact in Administration for updating Location, and checkbox for enabling Map display on Front End.
- Add Parser to display maps on Front End.
- Virtual Assistant ????
- Store Search Queries when Tracking is enabled.
- Add parser to display booking service selection as styled elements for better visual experience for customers.
- Add Back To Top in Administration and for Front End parsing.
- Updated CodeMirror.
- Add missing `country` column to content table in database.
- Stoping Ratings hitting 0, which would throw errors for Search Engines when parsing JSON-LD Schema.
- Tidy up and seperate some CSS for Themes, to make editing themes easier when using {stylesheet}
- Fix Front End logging in always redirecting to Home Page.
- Add Line Clamping to {stylesheet} to stop multiple lines for headings when using the `.line-clamp` class.
- Add adding Newsletter Subscribers to Administration, with ability to use comma seperated list.
- Adjust parser between elFinder and Summernote to add filenames with capitalilised extensions.
- Add Permalinks for Administrators/Developers to link to elements to easily locate elements via links when teaching users to use the Administration area.
- Improve the Summernote-Cleaner addon to reformat Pasted Word Documents.
- Add Javascript to enable reading URL #'s and enable relevant Tab.
- Add Date Format display above Date Fields and update as they change.
- Fix position of Busy Indicator in buttons when saving fields.
